master: use a variable to refer to TiDB Cloud Serverless (#21323)
pingcap/docs: develop/dev-guide-build-cluster-in-cloud.md

</CustomContent>

## Step 1. Create a {{{ .starter }}} cluster {#step-1-create-a-tidb-cloud-cluster}

1. If you do not have a TiDB Cloud account, click [here](https://tidbcloud.com/free-trial) to sign up for an account.

2. [Log in](https://tidbcloud.com/) to your TiDB Cloud account.

3. On the [**Clusters**](https://tidbcloud.com/console/clusters) page, click **Create Cluster**.

> 4. On the **Create Cluster** page, **Starter** is selected by default. Update the default cluster name if necessary, and then select the region where you want to create your cluster. <!-- TODO -->

Author: ```suggestion
4. On the **Create Cluster** page, **Serverless** is selected by default. Update the default cluster name if necessary, and then select the region where you want to create your cluster.
```
